Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/html.md

HTML query type should be used only for retrieving data from legacy systems where there are no alternative APIs exist. Instead of HTML query type, we strongly recommend to use other query types such as JSON, CSV, XML.
{{< /admonition >}}

> In the example below, we are going to retrieve data from [this](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource/blob/main/testdata/users.html) sample HTML page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, you are going to retrieve data from [a sample HTML page](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource/blob/main/testdata/users.html).
```

In the Query editor, fill the following query details:

> 1. Select **HTML** as query type.
> 2. Select **Default** (frontend) as the parser.
> 3. Select **URL** as the source.
> 4. Select **GET** as the HTTP method.
> 5. Enter `https://github.com/grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource/blob/main/testdata/users.html` in the URL field of the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **HTML** as query type.
1. Select **Default** (frontend) as the parser.
1. Select **URL** as the source.
1. Select **GET** as the HTTP method.
1. Enter `https://github.com/grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource/blob/main/testdata/users.html` in the URL field of the query.
```

> Once the initial setup is done, you need to configure the selectors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the initial setup is done, you need to configure the selectors:
```
